initial spec for daemon synchronization (#51)
PradeepKiruvale/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/synchronize-daemons.md

As per this the `daemon` sends the health status message then the `mapper` picks it up and creates the required files and also sends the supported operation for that particular plugin/daemon.
For example, the tedge-agent, when it comes up and sends the health status message the `tedge-agent` supported operations (c8y_Restart, c8y_RemoteAccessConnect, c8y_SoftwareUpdate)  files will be created in `/etc/tedge/operations/c8y` and then sends the supported operations list to the c8y cloud. Now the mapper can send the request to get the software list and forward the response to the c8y cloud.
In the case of other daemons, it's just about creating the supported operations file and updating the operation on behalf of that plugin to the c8y cloud.

Pros: 
-   This will remove the file system dependency when the daemons want to create the supported operation files on the tedge-mapper-c8y  file system.

Cons: 
-   This leads to hard dependency on the list of daemons in the mapper. For example, the mapper has to have a list of `daemons` based on which the correct operation has to be performed.

> -   This will be a hard-coded dependency and can’t be updated on the fly as the list of daemons is listed inside the mapper.

Reviewer: It also leads to tight coupling between the mapper and the plugins even at a name level. That is, if someone wants to replace the `c8y-config-plugin` with another plugin of their own, or say even the `tedge-device-management` plugin, they'll have to update the mapper as well, which is mot feasible. So, any dependency should be role based and not name based.

Author: If we say, role-based, then these are also kind of tight-coupled only right? Then mapper must know for which role what operation (Creating a supported operation file/ config file) has to be performed.

> 

Author: Yes, this does not have the health endpoint and also that's why I also mentioned the operation file (c8y_RemoteAccessConnect)  will be created by `tedge-agent`

## Proposal 2:  Use the `init message` mechanism

> Use the new init messages to send the operations to the `cloud` mapper. So, that the mapper can pick this up and create the required files that are mentioned as part of the init message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make all the tedge components to publish retained `init` message describing their role (software management, config management etc) and other details specific to that role.
The mapper can then pick this up and perform the cloud specific actions like creating the supported operations list etc.
```

Define the structure of the message

> The proposed topic will be `tedge/init/<daemon-name>` and the message template could be

Reviewer: I hope the mapper won't be using this `daemon-name` as that will lead to the same tight coupling issue described above.

Author: No, it does not, the <daemon-name> can be anything. Since we plan to take the name and content of the supported ops/configs/log types from the message itself. There will not be any hard dependency between the mapper and the plugins.

> {Operation1: <content>, operation2:<>} 

Reviewer: Provide a concrete proposal for a few operations like config management and software management.

> Here some operation files might contain some content and some not.

Reviewer: It can be MQTT only or a combination of MQTT and HTTP as done today. I'd suggest that you propose something, ideally MQTT only, if that's feasible. At the end of the day, it's the content that matters irrespective of whether that's an HTTP payload or MQTT payload.

How to get the file content here, if the operations file has any content, over mqtt?. What is the content format?

> 

Reviewer: Even for this proposal, provide a detailed flow of messages, actions etc with some topic and payload structure. We can refine those later on.
